TT-8317 - Added KeyID to SessionState for 5.9.0 (#6610)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/api-management/plugins/rich-plugins.md

>  ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
```

`session_lifetime`
UNIX timestamp that denotes when the key will automatically expire. Any·subsequent API request made using the key will be rejected. Overrides the global session lifetime. See [Key Expiry and Deletion]({{< ref "api-management/policies#set-physical-key-expiry-and-deletion" >}}) for more information.

`key_id`

> Authorization token used to authenticate the request.  Introduced in v5.9.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the unique identifier for the access token used to authenticate the request.  Introduced in v5.9.0.
```

> Authorization token used to authenticate the request.  Introduced in v5.9.

Reviewer 3: @nerdydread the content is very thing. We have key_id used in other places in the docs. How is this related? can we elaborate a bit?
